CASMTRIAGE-4793 Add note about in family ceph upgrade for 1.4 upgrades (#3011)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/Stage_1.md

**IMPORTANT:**

- ***If upgrading from CSM 1.3 to CSM 1.4, the Ceph version is not being upgraded, and this step must be executed!***

> - If the upgrade is staying with a CSM release, e.g. `CSM-1.4.0-rc1` to `CSM-1.4.0-rc2`, then you will need to run the following to point the Ceph cluster to use the Ceph container image stored in Nexus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the upgrade is staying within a CSM release family, e.g. `CSM-1.4.0-rc1` to `CSM-1.4.0-rc2`, then you will need to run the following to point the Ceph cluster to use the Ceph container image stored in Nexus.
```
